aranda everything is late
fifty
incriminen nothing else with the victory the network also at the beginning of the video
it is good to be able to be very much
again system that we have
this and that is sounding not
love how to wash your hair and it's called kouassi inc I do not know if it's still
have a name in Spanish so we will follow it and amaranth well
and he finds out taha
from the sea the hair count on
and if a cohort
This is a very questionable method hoisted by very thick-haired women
very type to the walk
and very yes no
those hair types that even though they are hydrated they tend the bcc of coss
and this formula east of Havana
but in the middle they had watched
that is the secret of using
conditioner in which this saint
how many times do not have to use many people so agents use this
treatment for life because their hair is
I'll owe that but those cicom area
not make them
and he said that using this technique for always there are other people like me
they use it one of them is the eye week once every 15 days of course
I put myself
to be
3 Exactly what is best to accuse this technique as it will sharpen
pro for a couple of weeks
I like me as for once a week nothing but the truth that to me
has already awarded me the hair every zone has it every long time
very long journey mentioned wonder I did for many of you that
it must work excellent
but that to talk a little about the way to do coaching for this the
shower with her wet hair
to divide the hair into two parts or four sections
depending on how much you also have to drop it if a person has
less then
maybe if the dividends that enough there are people who have their campaigns
A) Yes
Never before
deny good anxiety attacks may not have to live
in four sec sive
pastor to start a conditioner that I'm doing with this
conditioner
can use if they want a conditioner charge that does not have silicone however
is so much the amount of being conditioned that I recommend not
spend a lot as you know
I am a friend of the volvo
then to spend this conditioner all next to che
and erc has conditioned them to have them at home
i already with wet hair remember that the hair soaked in water in the
watering can
going to take the section ii room had conditioning
even as it was sam's club
and is that from the root
to the media at all
in the hair sections and then they will give even more if everything stays the same
he has highlighted blockbusters
Garitano has reached the coast his little head in the management
montás do not forget these tips battered by the dryer
in everything in all your hair and if you leave it like that
in fact what they can do even has to do it in an agora so that
Do not get wet or lamy cts
i wash their
arcs and they want to shave they want to be like
j
Fig tree wait a little while and then fit it is recommended a lot in blocks
this treatment with dawn I most wanted to be able to resist I am
here with the violent ones are the coward with the cold water
but you can resist winning
its the only thing
come out of your shower and the sar is the conditioner tip of those that are left
in the hair weights like
unconditional
that conditioner the balance
that way they're going to put it from means to ends
yes and then with close to them but of a natural nature jealousy sings to you
What they want
the girls are the guys who have very thin hair will cost them that
the treatment adapts maybe at the beginning they will feel a bit like
truthful bear
what happens is that this action of clear incera
so
for Monday that do not leave the house of the sea that is a day that is not of these
what
We want to look beautiful because they seem to bring mayonnaise in the cause
and we do not want that
the extent that the hair is getting used to this system
corpses looks better every time they interact much better as a
shock treatment for hydration when we have very damaged hair
I recommend them a lot
for the girl who tend dry hair caster
it is not recommended that this treatment the famous with washington
to find many techniques many ways to do this this is what I
effective max encounter
remember
in the shower with his wet hair are divided exceptions fill him with
conditioners will teher for a while what the body was veiled fit
they throw away all the conditioner and when they leave the shower a little bit
conditioner that this tile that does not find out that it does not fit the hair is
let it go
so so easy they have a deep hydration treatment
and a good part of the storm
andy
the eviction
the takeoff
the one in the middle
I love
lush
own thief nicolas maingot in the following video
thank you behind him